README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# varutils

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/ricardo-semiao/varutils/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ricardo-semiao/varutils/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

The varutils R package is being developed to provide general utility
functions for projects involving Vector Auto-Regressive models, with
specifically the [vars
package](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/vars/index.html).

Mainly, the functions retrieve results from *vars* objects, manipulate
them with [tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org/), and plot commonly
needed ggplot graphs, in the realm of IRF’s, FEVD’s, predict graphs, VAR
series and residual analysis.

In the future, I intent to add functions for quick (not thorough)
analysis and retrieval of trends, seasonality, and structural breaks,
using common methods and statistical tests. Additionally, I want to
expand the package to other VAR-like objects.

**Disclaimer:** this package is in constant development, and in the most
early stage of life. It hasn’t been thoroughly tested and can present
several bugs. Please report any problems in my email (below) or as a
github issue. Thank you for the attention.

Author: Ricardo Semião e Castro (ricardo.semiao@outlook)

## Installation

You can install the development version of varutils from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ricardo-semiao/varutils")
```

Commit message:

added vdiffr tests, corrected problems

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# varutils

<!-- badges: start -->

[![R-CMD-check](https://github.com/ricardo-semiao/varutils/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ricardo-semiao/varutils/actions/workflows/R-CMD-check.yaml)
<!-- badges: end -->

The varutils R package is being developed to provide general utility
functions for projects involving Vector Auto-Regressive models, with
specifically the [vars
package](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/vars/index.html).

Mainly, the functions retrieve results from *vars* objects, manipulate
them with [tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org/), and plot commonly
needed ggplot graphs, in the realm of IRF’s, FEVD’s, predict graphs, VAR
series and residual analysis.

In the future, I intent to add functions for quick (not thorough)
analysis and retrieval of trends, seasonality, and structural breaks,
using common methods and statistical tests. Additionally, I want to
expand the package to other VAR-like objects.

**Disclaimer:** this package is in the most early stage of life. It
hasn’t been thoroughly tested and can present several bugs. Please
report any problems in my email (below) or as a github issue. Thank you!

Author: Ricardo Semião e Castro (ricardo.semiao@outlook)

## Installation

You can install the development version of varutils from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("ricardo-semiao/varutils")
```

## Upcoming changes

- Define “labs” for plots legends
- More thorough tests
  - What errors to expect in `expect_error` calls
  - Directly test for elements of the ggplots returned by functions
  - More tests specifically for `test_fun()`
  - Add tests for “helper” functions
- Resolve CRAN notes related to tidy evaluation
- Reorganization of “\# Initial tests” and “\# Create values” sections
  - Rethink the `test` functions list scheme
- Standardization to tidyverse style code, possibly using the “styler”
  package
- Add more info/sections to functions documentation
- Rethink how to pass several specifications to ggplot
